I knew in that one I just wanted to do a
quick video regarding the multiplayer
option on Forza 5 currently and I've
recently had issues getting any games at
all online it just doesn't seem to want
to join a match at all
I've changed no settings on the Xbox the
route has not been changed I've
unplugged that Andry plugged it back in
no settings have been changed whatsoever
but I cannot find a match whatsoever I
can create a match I can look at rivals
I can download rival videos to change
which rivals you face I can do
everything as regards to posting
leaderboard times I don't seem to have
any problems playing battlefield 4 that
online it's just as good as it always
has been and this just happened over the
last two weeks prior to that I've had no
problems at all
with online game play I just wanted if
anyone else is having similar connection
problems or if there's anything anyone
else other issues that people are having
but this is starting to be a bit
annoying to be honest I've only got
Forza 5 and battlefield 4 currently and
to not be able to play Forza 5 online
for me you might as well put it in the
bin if anyone else can give us any ideas
but like I say I've had no issues with
this game all I've been able to play in
every single lobby I've entered I've not
changed anything on my console it's not
being tampered with or yeah I mean I
haven't changed anything so why should
suddenly not be able to join any
multiplayer games but dual every other
aspect I really don't know but if
anyone's got any ideas or if you know of
any patches the turn 10 are working on
if this is your a massive issue that
they're dealing with the minute
I've really appreciate if someone could
put something in the comments
yeah as you can see obviously it's still
trying to find a match I just wanted to
put another extension on to this video
regarding some of the settings that
people might ask me to look into and
you'll see just in a a few seconds we've
come to the end of trying to load up is
much requesting a much put as always
failed to find much please try again you
can try again and try again and try
again
never loads so I've I went into the
settings and looking at my network
settings obviously it's a wired setting
so it's not like I'm struggling with a
Wi-Fi connection there's plenty of
bandwidth speed that's really not
something there's an issue I was
probably about the third gig broadband I
think it comes out about a sixth gig per
second it's currently running out so I
really not struggling with my connection
everything is God your console there's
no connect to the incident which it
always has been you know I mean I don't
know if the night time needs to be open
but the issues still the same and it
still doesn't word anyone's got any out
I'd really appreciate thanks though